911: And what's going on with her today?
NURSE: Well, she's been on antibiotics with pneumonia, but her O2 sat is just going down, about in the 70s, she's on five liters.
911: So is she-- She's just having bad oxygen levels?
NURSE: Yeah, difficulty breathing, yes.
911: Is she having any other symptoms?
NURSE: Yeah her heart rate is-- is like almost 200, so.
911: So she's-- She's having rapid heart rate as well?
NURSE: Yeah.
911: OK, and when you say difficulty breathing, she's, is she able to speak in complete sentences at all?
NURSE: Yes. Well, she's sick too, so, she's shivering.
911: OK, all right. so we've let aid know that you need somebody out there, just keep her as calm and comfortable as possible, don't let her exert herself at
all, and we're going to have you give us a call back if anything changes or gets worse.
NURSE: OK.